Never take counsel of your fears - Stonewall Jackson
Read history, works of truth, not novels and romances - Robert E. Lee
War is hell! - William T. Sherman
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt. - Abraham Lincoln
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right. - Abraham Lincoln
All we ask is to be let alone - Jefferson Davis
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power - Abraham Lincoln
It is well war is so horrible or else we shall grow too fond of it - Robert E. Lee
This war is not about slavery - Robert E. Lee
Obedience to lawful authority is the foundation of manly character - Robert E. Lee
The devil's name is dullness - Robert E. Lee
Always Mysitfy, Mislead and surprise the enemy if possible - Stonewall Jackson
Shoot the brave officers, and the cowards will run away and take the men with them - Stonewall Jackson
I yield to no man in sympathy for the gallant men under my command; but I am obliged to sweat them tonight, that I may save their blood tomorrow - Stonewall Jackson
Duty is ours; consequences are God's. - Stonewall Jackson
When war does come, my advice is to draw the sword and throw away the scabbard. - Stonewall Jackson
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten, then he who continues the attack wins. - U. S. Grant
I have made it a rule of my life to trust a man long after other people gave him up, but I don't see how I can ever trust any human being again. - U. S. Grant
Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor. - U. S. Grant
I have never advocated war except as a means of peace. - U. S. Grant
The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on. - U. S. Grant
General Grant had no fixed plan of campaign beyond the general idea to avoid the strong defensive line occupied by General Lee behind Mine Run, and find a way to draw him out to open battle. - James Longstreet
My command, less than ten thousand, had found the battle on the Plank road in retreat, little less than a panic. In a few hours we changed defeat to victory, the broken divisions of the Third Corps rallying in their rear. - James Longstreet
That man will fight us every day and every hour till the end of the war. - James Longstreet
Neither current events nor history show that the majority rule, or ever did rule. - Jefferson Davis
I make up my opinions from facts and reasoning, and not to suit any body but myself. If people don't like my opinions, it makes little difference as I don't solicit their opinions or votes. - William T. Sherman
If forced to choose between the penitentiary and the White House for four years, I would say the penitentiary, thank you. - William T. Sherman
An Army is a collection of armed men obliged to obey one man. Every change in the rules which impairs the principle weakens the army. - William T. Sherman